Create documentation for user status banners (#255)
mozilla-l10n/localizer-documentation: src/tools/pontoon/translation_workspace.md

Each entry contains:

> * The name of the translator and their profile picture (linking to their profile).
> * The status of the user (see [User banners](#user-banners)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The name of the translator, their profile picture (linking to their profile page) and their banner (see [User banners](#user-banners)).
```

> * The status of the user (see [Status banners](http://localhost:3000/tools/pontoon/translation_workspace.html#status-banners)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The status of the user (see [Status banners](#status-banners)).
```

Author: Yikes sorry for leaving the `localhost:3000` part in :P

In the screenshot above, the first item is the approved translation (green checkmark), while the other two are rejected suggestions.

#### User banners

> User banners provide immediate context about a user to other community members. They indicate either the role of the user, or that the user is new to Pontoon. Banners are displayed at the bottom of the user's avatar.

Reviewer 2: Was the reference to administrators [dropped](https://github.com/mozilla-l10n/localizer-documentation/pull/255/commits/2fb90db9df4d4db7457d1a0d456aac5cf271fa18) on purpose here? That's not covered by the other explanation (that's not a role within a project/local).

Reviewer: Yes, because "within the current project and locale" was also dropped. 

The text now reads "They indicate either the role of the user..." and "Administrator" is one of the roles:
https://mozilla-l10n.github.io/localizer-documentation/tools/pontoon/users.html#user-roles

We could also drop this sentence entirely.

Reviewer 2: Thanks, I think it makes to keep it as is.

In the screenshot above, the first item is the approved translation (green checkmark), while the other two are rejected suggestions.

#### Status banners

Status banners reflect the permissions of the user within the respective locale and project. Each translator’s banner is displayed at the bottom of their profile picture.

> ![List of three possible status banners](../../assets/images/pontoon/translation_workspace/status_banners.png "Screenshot of list of suggestions displaying 3/5 possible banners for users")

Reviewer 2: ![pontoon_status_banners](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bb74769c-098b-4574-b004-111d701712f8)

> Namely, team managers will get the `MNGR` tag, project managers get the `PM` tag, translators get the `TRNSL` tag, and those with site-wide admin permissions receive the `ADMIN` tag. Users who have joined within the last three months will get the `NEW USER` tag for their banner. Status banners also appear in translation comments (see below).

Reviewer 2: This might be clearer as a list, with banner label and explanation.

These are the available status banners:
* `MNGR` for team managers.
* etc.

In the screenshot above, the first item is the approved translation (green checkmark), while the other two are rejected suggestions.

> #### Status banners

Reviewer: The word status is already used in the context of [translations](https://github.com/mozilla-l10n/localizer-documentation/blob/b4e3a6452b4b9754640c93d4ecc481fb4141fcdd/src/tools/pontoon/translation_workspace.md#translation-status), so we should make it explicit this is about users. Perhaps we can even drop the word status?

```suggestion
#### User banners
```

Author: If we do drop the word status, what would you suggest for line 179?

Reviewer: Added a suggestion below.

> Status banners provide immediate context about a user to other community members. Banners indicate either the role of the user within the current project and locale, or if they are new to Pontoon. Banners are displayed at the bottom of a user's profile picture.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Status banners provide immediate context about a user to other community members. Banners indicate either the role of the user within the current project and locale, if they are administrators, or if they are new to Pontoon. Banners are displayed at the bottom of a user's profile picture.
```

> Status banners provide immediate context about a user to other community members. Banners indicate either the role of the user within the current project and locale, if they are administrators, or if they are new to Pontoon. Banners are displayed at the bottom of a user's profile picture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User banners provide immediate context about a user to other community members. They indicate either the role of the user, or that the user is new to Pontoon. Banners are displayed at the bottom of the user's avatar.
```

![Collage of all 5 possible status banners](../../assets/images/pontoon/translation_workspace/status_banners.png "Screenshot displaying a collage of all 5 possible status banners that can be displayed")

The available status banners are:
* `MNGR` for team managers.
* `TRNSL` for translators.

> * `PM` for project managers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `PM` for [project managers](teams_projects.md#project-page).
```

Let's link to an explanation of what project managers are.

> * `ADMIN` for users with site-wide admin permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ADMIN` for [administrators](users.md#user-roles).
```

I'd also link `project managers`, `translators` and `team managers` to the [User roles](users.md#user-roles) page.
